there's one thing that you say is
beautiful and then it's unfair that
you've never had one
what does that nosebleed does that mean
I have a really big fascination with
blood and so I just think it looks
really pretty and I used to get them all
the time as a child jealous I'm really
interested in haemophilia I'm gonna get
slapped in the face with these like
ropes of death
Allison those eyes those eyes those eyes
congratulations you're still in the
running towards becoming America's Next
Top Model
thank you three gone
I just lost your mind yeah this guy's so
excited oh my god don't you watch
something they're saying oh my god me
being a snobby socialite isn't really my
forte I don't understand someone just
sometimes she just wants to come off
like she's dumb yes I have big eyes
they're on my face sorry they're not
going anywhere
Allison hi I make Vice Chair and I'm
just like no no no because like I look
like a woodland creature or something
that crawled out of the woods with
Allison hmm 1:54 haven't you yes relax
the hands I'm so graceful do not go
there with me do not go there with me
I'm so nice just on your hook in my face
you don't want to go there I was like
where am I going
it might cut your arm to the side now
stop it now stop
I'm really pretty kind of kiss up to me
no I just thought I'd attend it I did
such a nerd thing and I was fuckin tired
by I was like you're really pretty it
was like something like I was just
thinking and I accidentally said it then
I was just like god I'm such a square
but there's team you have a greatest
king Sonny Italian makes this like
speech from the staircase and it's a bit
too like Chicken Soup for the teenage
soul for me
my picture was called um I love you red